DOCS - Reorganize With Diataxis (#377)
iotaledger/stronghold.rs: documentation/README.md

This command starts a local, wiki themed development server and opens up a browser window. Most changes are reflected live without having to restart the server.

> ## Features And Tools

Reviewer: Do we want to keep this section for now or replace it with the style guide from the wiki directly and update that one in the next days?

Reviewer: We decided on removing the content once the wiki is ready

You can find guidance and an introduction to the needed tools and syntax on [our wiki](https://wiki.iota.org/participate/contribute-to-wiki/for_devs/developer_guide)

## Default Structure

> IOTA projects usually house their Wiki documentation within the documentation folder of any project. This

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IOTA projects usually house their Wiki documentation in the `documentation` folder within their repositories. This
```

> template provides a set structure to separate concerns based on the [Diataxis framework](https://diataxis.fr/), with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
template provides a structure to separate reader concerns, applying the [Diataxis framework](https://diataxis.fr/) with
```

some minor modifications.

> You do not need to use all of these sections, so please feel free to delete any which do not suit your needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You do not have to use all of these sections, so please feel free to delete any which do not suit your needs.
```

### Getting Started

The [Getting Started folder](documentation/getting_started/_README.md) should be the first section in your documentation. It should give the user a high-level overview of the project, required prior knowledge, prerequisites, and ideally a quick setup guide, or "hello world".

> ### How

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't it be How To or How Tos? Just double checking

Author: ```suggestion
### How Tos
```

> The [How Tos folder](documentation/how_tos/_README.md) should only address concrete examples, or [how-to guides](https://diataxis.fr/how-to-guides/), which are **goal oriented**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [How Tos folder](documentation/how_tos/_README.md) should only address concrete examples, or [how-to guides](https://diataxis.fr/how-to-guides/), which are **goal-oriented**.
```

### Tutorials

The [Tutorials folder](documentation/tutorials/_README.md) should contain articles which guide the user step by step through a series of how-tos with the relevant explanations to achieve a project or real world use case. [Tutorials](https://diataxis.fr/tutorials/) are **learning-oriented**.

### Key Concepts

> The [Key concepts folder](documentation/key_concepts/_README.md) revolves around [explanations](https://diataxis.fr/explanation/), and are therefore **understanding oriented**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Key concepts folder](documentation/key_concepts/_README.md) revolves around [explanations](https://diataxis.fr/explanation/), and are therefore **understanding-oriented**.
```
